What is the biggest lie you’ve ever told at a job interview?
Have you ever been fired from a job?
What is your current credit score?
Have you ever "borrowed" something from work and never returned it?
What was your most expensive impulse buy?
Have you ever ghosted someone?
What is the most illegal thing you’ve ever done?
Have you ever lied about your age to get something?
What is your biggest regret from your 20s?
Have you ever flirted your way out of a speeding ticket?
What is the most awkward thing you've said in a professional email?
Have you ever pretended to be busy to avoid a social commitment?
What’s the most money you’ve ever spent on a single night out?
Have you ever lied to your boss about why you were late?
What is the longest you've gone without checking your bank account because you were scared?
Have you ever taken a "sick day" when you weren't actually sick?
What is the most embarrassing thing you've done at a company party?
Have you ever looked up an ex on LinkedIn?
What is the worst job you have ever had?
Have you ever lied on your tax return?
What is your secret "guilty pleasure" reality TV show?
Have you ever accidentally sent a text about someone to that person?
What is the most you have ever tipped a waiter?
Have you ever stolen a roommate's food from the fridge?
What is your most "Karen" moment?
Have you ever pretended to recognize someone when you had no idea who they were?
What is the most you've ever spent on a hobby?
Have you ever fallen asleep during a meeting?
What is your biggest fear about getting older?
Have you ever been caught talking to yourself?
What is the most useless thing you own?
Have you ever lied about reading a book to seem smart?
What is the most embarrassing thing in your search history?
Have you ever regifted something?
What is the longest you’ve gone without washing your car?
Have you ever forgotten a close friend's birthday?
What is the most awkward date you’ve ever been on?
Have you ever used a fake excuse to leave a date early?
What is the most expensive thing you've ever broken?
Have you ever lied to your parents as an adult?
What is the most embarrassing thing you’ve done in a gym?
Have you ever been kicked out of a bar or club?
What is the most "adult" thing you actually enjoy doing now?
Have you ever had a crush on a coworker?
What is your biggest pet peeve in the workplace?
Have you ever googled yourself?
What is the most annoying habit your partner or roommate has?
Have you ever lied about your salary?
What is the most embarrassing thing you’ve posted on social media?
If you could quit your job today, what would you do?