What is your most embarrassing childhood memory?
If you could be any celebrity for a day, who would it be?
What is the most regrettable thing you have searched for?
Have you ever lied to get out of a social event?
What is one habit you have that you think is uninteresting?
What is the most embarrassing thing you have ever done at school?
Have you ever lied to get out of a school assignment?
What is your most useless talent?
If you could be any animal for a day, which one would you choose?
What is the longest you’ve gone without showering?
Have you ever pretended to be sick to stay home and play games?
What is the most childish thing you still do?
Have you ever accidentally sent a text to the wrong person?
What is your biggest "guilty pleasure" TV show?
If you were a superhero, what would your one weakness be?
What is the weirdest food combination you actually enjoy?
Have you ever cheated on a board game?
What is your biggest irrational fear?
If you won a million dollars tomorrow, what is the first thing you’d buy?
What is the most trouble you’ve ever been in at school?
Have you ever cried during a movie? Which one?
What is the funniest dream you can remember?
If you had to live on a deserted island, which person in this room would you take?
What is the most expensive thing you’ve ever broken?
Have you ever talked to yourself in the mirror?
What is your worst habit?
If you could swap lives with someone for a week, who would it be?
What is the most "cringe" thing you posted on social media years ago?
Have you ever snooped through someone else’s phone?
What is the best prank you’ve ever pulled?
If you were invisible for an hour, what would you do?
What is the meanest thing you’ve ever said to a sibling?
Have you ever laughed at a time when you were supposed to be serious?
What is the last thing you searched for on your phone?
If you could only eat one meal for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What is a secret you’ve never told your parents?
Have you ever had a crush on a fictional character?
What is the most "unpopular opinion" you hold?
If you could travel back in time, which era would you visit?
What is the strangest gift you’ve ever received?
Have you ever tried to look "cool" and failed miserably?
What is the most embarrassing nickname you’ve ever had?
If you were a ghost, who would you haunt first?
What is the most adventurous thing you’ve ever done?
Have you ever faked being busy to avoid a phone call?
What is your favorite thing about yourself?
If you could change one rule in your house, what would it be?
What is the most embarrassing song on your playlist?
Have you ever been caught talking to yourself?
What is the most "main character" moment you’ve ever had?