Do your best impression of another player until your next turn.
Let the person to your right redo your hair however they want.
Try to touch your nose with your tongue for 30 seconds.
Give a 1-minute speech about why pineapples belong on pizza.
Do 10 pushups or 15 squats while shouting "I AM THE CHAMPION" after every one.
Do your best impression of a celebrity until someone guesses who it is.
Let the person to your right redo your hairstyle.
Talk in a British accent for the next three rounds.
Try to juggle three random items chosen by the group.
Give a 30-second stand-up comedy routine.
Do 15 pushups OR 20 squats right now.
Sing the chorus of your favorite song at the top of your lungs.
Let the group choose an emoji and send it to your 3rd recent contact.
Try to lick your elbow.
Act like a chicken until your next turn.
Let the group pose you and take a "vogue" photo.
Eat a spoonful of a condiment chosen by the group.
Speak in slow motion until your next turn.
Do your best "runway walk" across the room.
Spin around 10 times and then try to walk in a straight line.
Let someone draw a small mustache on your face with a washable marker.
Wear your socks on your hands until the end of the game.
Try to make everyone in the room laugh without speaking.
Dance like a robot for one minute.
Call a friend and try to convince them you just saw a UFO.
Balance something on your nose for 10 seconds.
Let someone use your phone to look at your photo gallery for 30 seconds.
Give a compliment to everyone in the room.
Attempt to do a cartwheel.
Describe your crush using only food metaphors.
Put an ice cube down your back.
Talk like a pirate for the rest of the round.
Let someone else compose a social media post for you.
Try to eat a snack (like a cracker or grape) off your forehead without using your hands.
Do an interpretive dance of the last song you heard.
Let the person to your left draw a "tattoo" on your arm.
Act out a scene from a movie and let the group guess it.
Make a funny face and keep it that way for 30 seconds.
Try to touch your toes without bending your knees.
Give a 1-minute speech on why tea is better than coffee.
Pretend to be a waiter and take everyone's "order."
Do 15 jumping jacks while screaming "I love programming!"
Try to balance a book on your head while walking in a circle.
Serenade the person across from you for 30 seconds.
Make a mask out of paper and wear it for two rounds.
Try to say the alphabet backward in under 30 seconds.
Let the group choose a video and you have to mimic the audio.
Wrap your arms in toilet paper or towels like a mummy.
Attempt a plank for 45 seconds.
Repeat everything the person right to you says for one minute.
Let the person to your right redo your hair.
Talk in a funny accent for the next two rounds.
Do your best impression of someone in this room.
Try to juggle three random objects for 10 seconds.
Let someone write a word on your forehead with a marker.
Sing the chorus of your favorite song.
Try to do a handstand or a cartwheel.
Eat a spoonful of a condiment of the group's choice.
Show the last five photos in your camera roll.
Walk like a penguin for one minute.
Let someone else send a silly text from your phone.
Wear your shoes on the wrong feet for three rounds.
Try to make everyone in the room laugh.
Give a 30-second speech about a random object in the room.
Do 20 pushups.
Let the group choose a new nickname for you.
Try to lick your elbow.
Act like a mime for two minutes.
Let someone give you a noogie.
Dance with an invisible partner for one minute.
Try to balance a spoon on your nose for 30 seconds.
Do your best impression of a teacher at your school.
Let someone else in the group rewrite your Discord or Roblox bio.
Eat a piece of bread without using your hands.
Try to stand on your head for 15 seconds.