What was your first impression of me?
What is the one thing I do that drives you crazy?
If we could travel anywhere tomorrow, where would we go?
When did you first realize you were in love with me?
What is your favorite memory of us together?
What is one thing you’ve been too nervous to tell me?
What is your favorite physical feature of mine?
If you could change one habit of mine, what would it be?
What is the most romantic thing I have ever done for you?
How do you want us to look in 10 years?
What was your very first thought after our first kiss?
Which of my friends did you like the most when we started dating?
What is your favorite song that reminds you of us?
What is the best gift I have ever given you?
What is your favorite thing about our relationship?
If you could relive one day of our relationship, which would it be?
What is your "love language"?
What is the most attractive thing I wear?
What is your favorite way for us to spend a rainy day?
Do you remember our first date clearly?
What was the first thing you noticed about me?
What is one thing you want us to do together this year?
What is your favorite "inside joke" we have?
How do you feel when we are apart for a long time?
What is your favorite thing I do for you?
If we won the lottery, what’s the first thing we’d buy?
What is the most thoughtful thing I’ve said to you?
What is your favorite photo of us?
Do you believe in "happily ever after"?
What is your favorite "date night" activity?
What is a personality trait of mine that you admire?
What is the most important lesson you've learned from our relationship?
What is your favorite nickname I have for you?
How has your life changed since we met?
What is your favorite time of day to spend with me?
If you could describe our relationship in one word, what would it be?
What is the best piece of advice you'd give to another couple?
What is your favorite thing about our home/space?
How do you like to be comforted when you're sad?
What is your favorite thing to do with me on the weekend?
What is the most adventurous thing we’ve done together?
What is your favorite thing about my family?
What is a dream you have for our future?
What is the most "romantic" movie we've watched together?
How do you show your love for me?
What is your favorite way to wake up with me?
What is the best thing about being a "couple"?
What is one thing you never want to change about us?
What is your favorite "small" moment we've shared?
How much do you love me?