What is your favorite subject in school?
If you could have any animal as a pet, what would it be?
What is the funniest face you can make?
What is your favorite cartoon character?
What is the best dream you have ever had?
If you could be any color, what would you be?
What is your favorite thing to do on the weekend?
Have you ever tried to hide your vegetables under the table?
If you could go anywhere in the world, where would you go?
What is the best gift you ever received?
What is your favorite ice cream flavor?
Do you have a favorite toy that you still play with?
What is the silliest thing you have ever said?
If you could have any superpower, what would it be?
What is your favorite song to dance to?
What is the best movie you have ever seen?
Have you ever laughed so hard that you cried?
What is your favorite game to play with friends?
If you could meet any book character, who would it be?
What is the funniest thing that happened at school this week?
What is your favorite pizza topping?
If you could build anything out of LEGO, what would it be?
What is your favorite thing to eat for breakfast?
If you were a king or queen, what would be your first rule?
What is the best joke you know?
What is your favorite animal at the zoo?
If you could visit the moon, would you go?
What is the best thing about being a kid?
What is your favorite book to read before bed?
If you could have a robot to do one chore for you, what would it be?
What is your favorite season of the year?
What is the best hiding spot you know for hide-and-seek?
If you could talk to animals, what would you ask them?
What is your favorite holiday?
What is the best thing you know how to draw?
If you could change your name to anything, what would it be?
What is your favorite fruit?
If you could grow anything in a garden, what would it be?
What is the best sound in the world?
If you could fly like a bird, where would you fly first?
What is your favorite thing about your best friend?
What is the best costume you have ever worn?
If you could create a new flavor of candy, what would it be?
What is your favorite sport to play?
What is the best story you have ever heard?
What is your favorite thing to do in the park?
If you could live in a house made of chocolate, would you?
What is the best way to spend a rainy day?
What is your favorite thing about yourself?
If you could be a character in a video game, who would you be?