Do your best impression of a monkey.
Hop on one foot across the room.
Try to touch your nose with your tongue.
Spin around five times and try to touch your toes.
Sing "Happy Birthday" in a squeaky voice.
Walk like a penguin for 30 seconds.
Balance a pillow on your head for 10 seconds.
Make the sound of a farm animal and let others guess what it is.
Do your best robot dance.
Try to whistle a song.
Pretend you are an airplane and fly around the room.
Do five jumping jacks.
Make a funny face and hold it for 10 seconds.
Try to juggle two soft items (like socks).
Act like you are walking through sticky mud.
Give a high-five to everyone in the room.
Pretend to be a cat and meow for 30 seconds.
Try to draw a tree using only your non-dominant hand.
Speak in a whisper until your next turn.
Do your best superhero pose.
Pretend you are a statue for 20 seconds.
Try to hop like a frog three times.
Say "Blueberry Bushel" five times fast without messing up.
Pretend to play a guitar for one minute.
Walk backward across the room without hitting anything.
Try to balance something (like a book) on your head for 10 seconds.
Do your best impression of a lion roaring.
Pretend you are an ice cream cone melting.
Try to do a silly walk for one minute.
Make up a short poem about a potato.
Pretend you are a professional chef and describe a meal.
Try to stand on one leg for as long as you can.
Make a fish face for 20 seconds.
Pretend to be a drummer in a band.
Try to touch your elbows together behind your back.
Do your best impression of a baby.
Pretend you are a race car driver.
Try to pat your head and rub your belly at the same time.
Act like you are opening a very heavy door.
Pretend you are a squirrel looking for nuts.
Try to do a slow-motion run across the room.
Make a sound like a rainstorm.
Pretend you are a professional singer on stage.
Try to crawl like a crab for 15 seconds.
Make a funny noise every time someone says your name for one round.
Pretend you are a detective looking for a clue.
Try to do a forward roll (if you have space and it is safe).
Act like you just won a gold medal.
Pretend you are a butterfly flying in a garden.
Do your best impression of a vacuum cleaner.
Try to sing your favorite song while plugging your nose.
Spin in circles five times and then try to hop on one foot.
Make the loudest animal sound you can.
Try to draw a cat using your non-dominant hand.
Do your best impression of a robot.
Walk across the room as if you are walking on the moon.
Try to touch your toes without bending your knees.
Sing Twinkle Twinkle Little Star in a deep voice.
Balance a toy on your head for 30 seconds.
Pretend to be a penguin for one minute.
Try to whistle a song.
Act like you are a scary monster for 20 seconds.
Crawl around the room like a baby.
Try to juggle two balls for 10 seconds.
Make a funny face at everyone in the room.
Try to do a somersault.
Pretend you are an airplane and fly around the room.
Mime eating a giant sandwich.
Try to stand on your tiptoes for 30 seconds.
Sing the alphabet backwards or try to.
Pretend to be a statue for one minute.
Hop like a bunny for 20 seconds.
Try to clap your hands behind your back.
Do your best impression of a monkey.
Give a high-five to a wall.