Give a 1-minute lap dance to the person on your left.
Whisper something "spicy" into the ear of the person next to you.
Send a risky text to someone you find attractive.
Remove one item of clothing like a hat or jacket.
Post a picture of your legs on social media with a cryptic caption.
Let the group choose a "spicy" emoji to send to your last-called contact.
Do your best "slow-motion" walk across the room.
Describe the most attractive thing about the person to your right.
Wink at everyone in the room as dramatically as possible.
Try to eat a piece of fruit in the "most romantic" way possible.
Massage the shoulders of the person to your right for 1 minute.
Slow dance with an imaginary partner for 30 seconds.
Let someone else in the group write a "flirty" message to your crush.
Hold hands with the person to your left for the next 2 rounds.
Make eye contact with someone for 1 minute without laughing.
Give a dramatic 30-second "confession of love" to a random object.
Try to blow a kiss to everyone in the room.
Blow a kiss to the person across from you.
Serenade someone with a love song.
Mime a romantic dinner date.
Compliment the person to your left's eyes.
Do your best "supermodel" pose.
Write a "flirty" note and pass it to someone in the room.
Try to wink and click your tongue at the same time.
Describe your dream partner in 30 seconds.
Let the group decide a nickname for you for the rest of the game.
Do a "runway walk" across the room.
Propose to the person on your right with a piece of candy.
Give your best "come hither" look.
Describe the perfect kiss.
Talk in a "sultry" voice for the next round.
Let someone draw a heart on your cheek.
Mime "falling in love" at first sight.
Give a "heated" look to the person across from you.
Tell the person on your left what you like most about them.
Do a 30-second "romantic" monologue.
Try to charm a wall for 30 seconds.
Describe a "perfect date" in detail.
Give a flying kiss to your crush (real or imaginary).
Smile as wide as you can at the person to your right.
Tell the group your favorite romantic song.
Try to "smize" (smile with your eyes) like a model.
Mime putting on perfume or cologne.
Wink at the person to your left every time they speak for 1 round.
Give a 10-second "flirty" speech.
Compliment someone's smile.
Let the person to your right give you a "romantic" nickname.
Mime a "first kiss" scene.
Give a dramatic sigh of longing.
Look at someone and try to make them blush.