Do your best impression of another player until your next turn.
Let the person to your right redo your hair however they want.
Try to touch your nose with your tongue for 30 seconds.
Give a 1-minute speech about why pineapples belong on pizza.
Do 10 pushups or 15 squats while shouting "I AM THE CHAMPION" after every one.
Do your best impression of a celebrity until someone guesses who it is.
Let the person to your right redo your hairstyle.
Talk in a British accent for the next three rounds.
Try to juggle three random items chosen by the group.
Give a 30-second stand-up comedy routine.
Do 15 pushups OR 20 squats right now.
Sing the chorus of your favorite song at the top of your lungs.
Let the group choose an emoji and send it to your 3rd recent contact.
Try to lick your elbow.
Act like a chicken until your next turn.
Let the group pose you and take a "vogue" photo.
Eat a spoonful of a condiment chosen by the group.
Speak in slow motion until your next turn.
Do your best "runway walk" across the room.
Spin around 10 times and then try to walk in a straight line.
Let someone draw a small mustache on your face with a washable marker.
Wear your socks on your hands until the end of the game.
Try to make everyone in the room laugh without speaking.
Dance like a robot for one minute.
Call a friend and try to convince them you just saw a UFO.
Balance something on your nose for 10 seconds.
Let someone use your phone to look at your photo gallery for 30 seconds.
Give a compliment to everyone in the room.
Attempt to do a cartwheel.
Describe your crush using only food metaphors.
Put an ice cube down your back.
Talk like a pirate for the rest of the round.
Let someone else compose a social media post for you.
Try to eat a snack (like a cracker or grape) off your forehead without using your hands.
Do an interpretive dance of the last song you heard.
Let the person to your left draw a "tattoo" on your arm.
Act out a scene from a movie and let the group guess it.
Make a funny face and keep it that way for 30 seconds.
Try to touch your toes without bending your knees.
Give a 1-minute speech on why pineapples belong on pizza.
Pretend to be a waiter and take everyone's "order."
Do 15 jumping jacks while screaming "I love programming!"
Try to balance a book on your head while walking in a circle.
Serenade the person across from you for 30 seconds.
Make a mask out of paper and wear it for two rounds.
Try to say the alphabet backward in under 30 seconds.
Let the group choose a video and you have to mimic the audio.
Wrap your arms in toilet paper or towels like a mummy.
Attempt a plank for 45 seconds.
Repeat everything the person right to you says for one minute.
Do your best impression of a monkey.
Hop on one foot across the room.
Try to touch your nose with your tongue.
Spin around five times and try to touch your toes.
Sing "Happy Birthday" in a squeaky voice.
Walk like a penguin for 30 seconds.
Balance a pillow on your head for 10 seconds.
Make the sound of a farm animal and let others guess what it is.
Do your best robot dance.
Try to whistle a song.
Pretend you are an airplane and fly around the room.
Do five jumping jacks.
Make a funny face and hold it for 10 seconds.
Try to juggle two soft items (like socks).
Act like you are walking through sticky mud.
Give a high-five to everyone in the room.
Pretend to be a cat and meow for 30 seconds.
Try to draw a tree using only your non-dominant hand.
Speak in a whisper until your next turn.
Do your best superhero pose.
Pretend you are a statue for 20 seconds.
Try to hop like a frog three times.
Say "Blueberry Bushel" five times fast without messing up.
Pretend to play a guitar for one minute.
Walk backward across the room without hitting anything.
Try to balance something (like a book) on your head for 10 seconds.
Do your best impression of a lion roaring.
Pretend you are an ice cream cone melting.
Try to do a silly walk for one minute.
Make up a short poem about a potato.
Pretend you are a professional chef and describe a meal.
Try to stand on one leg for as long as you can.
Make a fish face for 20 seconds.
Pretend to be a drummer in a band.
Try to touch your elbows together behind your back.
Do your best impression of a baby.
Pretend you are a race car driver.
Try to pat your head and rub your belly at the same time.
Act like you are opening a very heavy door.
Pretend you are a squirrel looking for nuts.
Try to do a slow-motion run across the room.
Make a sound like a rainstorm.
Pretend you are a professional singer on stage.
Try to crawl like a crab for 15 seconds.
Make a funny noise every time someone says your name for one round.
Pretend you are a detective looking for a clue.
Try to do a forward roll (if you have space and it is safe).
Act like you just won a gold medal.
Pretend you are a butterfly flying in a garden.
Do your best impression of a vacuum cleaner.
Let the group look through your search history for 30 seconds.
Call a random contact and sing a song.
Send a random emoji to your crush.
Try to do a TikTok dance in front of everyone.
Let someone in the group send a text from your phone.
Put an ice cube down your shirt until it melts.
Post a bad selfie on your story for 10 minutes.
Prank call a local pizza place.
Drink a mystery juice made of three different liquids.
Give a 2-minute speech on why you are the coolest person here.
Let the person to your right do your makeup.
Talk in an accent until your next turn.
Do your best impression of a teacher.
Eat a spoonful of hot sauce.
Wear your clothes inside out for the rest of the game.
Do 50 jumping jacks.
Try to balance a spoon on your nose for 1 minute.
Let someone in the group redraw your eyebrows with a washable marker.
Serenade the person to your left for 30 seconds.
Spin around 20 times and try to walk in a straight line.
Try to lick your own nose.
Speak only in rhymes for the next 2 rounds.
Let the person to your left send a GIF to your last contact.
Wear a paper bag on your head for the next 10 minutes.
Try to do a handstand against the wall.
Eat a piece of bread without using your hands.
Let the group choose your profile picture for the next hour.
Try to juggle 3 random objects for 10 seconds.
Bark like a dog whenever someone says "the."
Do your best "evil villain" laugh.
Let someone give you a crazy new hairstyle.
Crawl across the room like a crab.
Try to drink a glass of water while lying down.
Let someone tickle you for 20 seconds.
Act like a cat and "meow" after every sentence.
Try to put on a shirt using only your feet.
Show the last 5 photos in your camera roll.
Do an impression of the person to your right.
Let someone write a word on your forehead.
Try to keep a straight face while everyone else tries to make you laugh.
Hold a plank for 45 seconds.
Sing the chorus of a random song at the top of your lungs.
Let the group draft a "silly" tweet or post for you.
Try to balance a book on your head while walking in a circle.
Pretend you are a waiter and take "orders" from everyone.
Whisper everything you say for the next 3 minutes.
Try to draw a cat while your eyes are closed.
Wear your shoes on the wrong feet for 2 rounds.
Give a high-five to a wall.
Make up a 30-second rap about the person across from you.
Show the group the last three things you bought online.
Call a colleague and tell them you’re quitting, then say "just kidding."
Do 20 pushups right now.
Let the group write a status update on your social media.
Try to name every person in the room's middle name.
Show everyone your most embarrassing "party" photo.
Drink a shot of lemon juice.
Act like you are in a job interview for a "Professional Nap Taker."
Empty your wallet and show everyone what’s inside.
Let someone else in the group order a snack for you.
Show the last text you sent to your boss.
Give a 1-minute lecture on a boring topic like "tax brackets."
Scroll through your LinkedIn feed and like the first 5 posts you see.
Let the group look at your screen time for the past week.
Call a family member and tell them you won the lottery.
Try to touch your toes without bending your knees.
Show the group your most used emojis.
Let someone else in the group send a random GIF to your 5th contact.
Do your best impression of a corporate manager.
Explain your job using only "baby talk."
Let someone else rewrite your social media bio for 10 minutes.
Show everyone your first-ever profile picture.
Mime your entire morning routine.
Let the group look through your "Spam" folder in your email.
Give a 2-minute "TED Talk" on why coffee is better than tea.
Do your best "dad dance" for 30 seconds.
Try to recite the alphabet backward.
Let someone else in the group take a photo of you and post it.
Call a random business and ask if they sell "happiness."
Show everyone the last video you watched on YouTube.
Try to do a yoga pose chosen by the group.
Speak in a British accent for the next 2 rounds.
Let someone else draw a tiny "tattoo" on your arm with a pen.
Give a compliment to everyone in the room.
Try to peel an orange using only one hand.
Tell the group your most embarrassing "dad joke."
Let the group look at your "Recently Deleted" photos.
Try to make a paper airplane and fly it across the room.
Do 10 burpees.
Show the group your "Favorites" list on your phone.
Let someone else choose a song for you to sing.
Try to whistle a famous tune and have people guess it.
Wear your jacket backward for the rest of the game.
Let the group see your last 3 Google searches.
Do your best impression of a famous celebrity.
Try to balance on one leg for 1 minute.
Let someone else in the group send a "Hi" to a random person on your Instagram.
Give a 30-second speech about why you should be President.
Try to do a magic trick for the group.
Explain the plot of your favorite movie in 30 seconds.
Give a 1-minute lap dance to the person on your left.
Whisper something "spicy" into the ear of the person next to you.
Send a risky text to someone you find attractive.
Remove one item of clothing like a hat or jacket.
Post a picture of your legs on social media with a cryptic caption.
Let the group choose a "spicy" emoji to send to your last-called contact.
Do your best "slow-motion" walk across the room.
Describe the most attractive thing about the person to your right.
Wink at everyone in the room as dramatically as possible.
Try to eat a piece of fruit in the "most romantic" way possible.
Massage the shoulders of the person to your right for 1 minute.
Slow dance with an imaginary partner for 30 seconds.
Let someone else in the group write a "flirty" message to your crush.
Hold hands with the person to your left for the next 2 rounds.
Make eye contact with someone for 1 minute without laughing.
Give a dramatic 30-second "confession of love" to a random object.
Try to blow a kiss to everyone in the room.
Blow a kiss to the person across from you.
Serenade someone with a love song.
Mime a romantic dinner date.
Compliment the person to your left's eyes.
Do your best "supermodel" pose.
Write a "flirty" note and pass it to someone in the room.
Try to wink and click your tongue at the same time.
Describe your dream partner in 30 seconds.
Let the group decide a nickname for you for the rest of the game.
Do a "runway walk" across the room.
Propose to the person on your right with a piece of candy.
Give your best "come hither" look.
Describe the perfect kiss.
Talk in a "sultry" voice for the next round.
Let someone draw a heart on your cheek.
Mime "falling in love" at first sight.
Give a "heated" look to the person across from you.
Tell the person on your left what you like most about them.
Do a 30-second "romantic" monologue.
Try to charm a wall for 30 seconds.
Describe a "perfect date" in detail.
Give a flying kiss to your crush (real or imaginary).
Smile as wide as you can at the person to your right.
Tell the group your favorite romantic song.
Try to "smize" (smile with your eyes) like a model.
Mime putting on perfume or cologne.
Wink at the person to your left every time they speak for 1 round.
Give a 10-second "flirty" speech.
Compliment someone's smile.
Let the person to your right give you a "romantic" nickname.
Mime a "first kiss" scene.
Give a dramatic sigh of longing.
Look at someone and try to make them blush.
Reenact your first date in 30 seconds.
Give me a 2-minute foot massage.
Let me post a photo of my choice on your profile.
Try to carry me across the room.
Exchange shirts with me for the next three rounds.
Blindfold yourself and let me feed you something from the kitchen.
Give me your best 30-second "serenade."
Whisper your favorite thing about me into my ear.
Write a short "love poem" to me in under 60 seconds.
Let me see the last three things you searched for on your phone.
Hold a 1-minute plank while I sit (carefully) on your back.
Let me do your hair however I want.
Call my parents and tell them one thing you love about me.
Try to make me laugh in under 30 seconds without touching me.
Stare into my eyes for 1 minute without speaking.
Give me a "piggyback ride" around the room.
Let me paint your nails (just one or all).
Do a 30-second "couple's dance" with no music.
Let me write a "cute" post on your social media.
Feed me a snack as if we are at a fancy dinner.
Try to draw a portrait of me in 1 minute.
Tell me 5 things you love about me.
Let me choose your outfit for the next hour.
Give me a 1-minute back rub.
Mime a "perfect proposal" scene.
Let me look through your phone for 1 minute.
Whisper a secret about yourself to me.
Try to do a "couples yoga" pose with me.
Give me a 10-second "butterfly kiss" (eyelashes).
Let me see your "most used" emojis.
Do your best impression of me.
Let me "makeup" one of your features (like eyeliner).
Sing a "duet" with me.
Hold my hand for the next 5 minutes.
Tell me your favorite thing about our first kiss.
Let me see the last photo you took of me.
Give me a "bear hug" for 30 seconds.
Mime our future life together.
Let me "style" your hair.
Tell me a "cheesy" pickup line.
Let me see your last text message to me.
Do a "slow dance" in the middle of the room.
Tell me one thing you’re grateful for in our relationship.
Let me choose a "couple's nickname" for us.
Give me a 20-second hug.
Tell me your favorite memory of us.
Let me see your last Google search.
Try to make a heart shape with our hands.
Tell me one thing you find adorable about me.
Give me a high-five and then a kiss.
Eat a piece of paper that has been rubbed on the floor.
Let someone in the group shave a small patch of hair from your arm.
Drink a "concoction" of soda, milk, and soy sauce.
Let the group post "I'm dropping out of school" on your main social media for 10 minutes.
Call your parents and tell them you got a face tattoo of a chicken.
Let the group look through your "Recently Deleted" photos for 1 minute.
Let someone else in the group send a text to your ex saying "I still have your socks."
Eat a spoonful of the most disgusting condiment in the kitchen (mayo/mustard mix).
Let someone draw a permanent marker mustache on your face that stays for the whole game.
Let the group choose an embarrassing photo from your gallery and post it on your story.
Call a random contact and try to keep them on the phone for 60 seconds without explaining why.
Let someone else in the group read your last 10 DM conversations out loud.
Eat a whole raw onion or a large clove of garlic.
Let someone give you a "wedgie" in front of everyone.
Put your phone on speaker and call your crush/last person you liked.
Let the group create a "mystery shot" of three kitchen liquids for you to drink.
Let someone else in the group rewrite your social media bio for 24 hours.
Wear your underwear on the outside of your pants for the rest of the game.
Let someone crack a cold egg over your head.
Let the group send one emoji of their choice to your teacher or boss.
Sniff the inside of the person to your left's shoe for 10 seconds.
Let someone else in the group control your phone for 2 full minutes.
Do 50 burpees in under 3 minutes or take a "gross shot."
Let someone draw a "freaky" face on your stomach with marker.
Drink a glass of water that has a piece of soggy bread at the bottom.
Let the group record you doing a "silly" dance and post it on TikTok/Reels.
Try to eat a hot pepper without drinking water for 2 minutes.
Let someone give you a "noogie" until your head turns red.
Call a pizza place and try to order a burger and fries.
Let the group see your banking app balance (if applicable).
Do your best "maniacal" laugh for 1 minute straight.
Let someone else in the group give you a "wet willy."
Eat a sandwich made of 5 random ingredients from the fridge chosen by the group.
Let the group send a "Hi" to a random person on your Instagram.
Try to stand on your head for 20 seconds.
Let someone else in the group look through your "Hidden" photo folder.
Mime a "romantic" scene with a chair for 1 minute.
Let someone else in the group write a "silly" tweet from your account.
Exchange socks with the person to your right for the rest of the game.
Let someone else choose a song for you to sing at the top of your lungs.
Try to do a backflip (or 30 somersaults if you can't).
Let the group see your most used emojis and explain why you use them.
Wear your jacket backward and zipped up for the rest of the game.
Let the group "style" your hair using only kitchen items (honey/oil/etc).
Try to balance on one leg while the group tries to make you laugh.
Describe the most "freaky" dream you've ever had in detail.
Let someone else in the group send a "Thinking of you" text to a random contact.
Try to put on a shirt using only your feet.
Let someone else in the group take a "silly" photo of you and make it your wallpaper.
Take a "mystery" shot of a liquid chosen by the group (non-toxic!).