What is your most embarrassing childhood memory?
If you could be any celebrity for a day, who would it be?
What is the most regrettable thing you have searched for?
Have you ever lied to get out of a social event?
What is one habit you have that you think is uninteresting?
What is the most embarrassing thing you have ever done at school?
Have you ever lied to get out of a school assignment?
What is your most useless talent?
If you could be any animal for a day, which one would you choose?
What is the longest you’ve gone without showering?
Have you ever pretended to be sick to stay home and play games?
What is the most childish thing you still do?
Have you ever accidentally sent a text to the wrong person?
What is your biggest "guilty pleasure" TV show?
If you were a superhero, what would your one weakness be?
What is the weirdest food combination you actually enjoy?
Have you ever cheated on a board game?
What is your biggest irrational fear?
If you won a million dollars tomorrow, what is the first thing you’d buy?
What is the most trouble you’ve ever been in at school?
Have you ever cried during a movie? Which one?
What is the funniest dream you can remember?
If you had to live on a deserted island, which person in this room would you take?
What is the most expensive thing you’ve ever broken?
Have you ever talked to yourself in the mirror?
What is your worst habit?
If you could swap lives with someone for a week, who would it be?
What is the most "cringe" thing you posted on social media years ago?
Have you ever snooped through someone else’s phone?
What is the best prank you’ve ever pulled?
If you were invisible for an hour, what would you do?
What is the meanest thing you’ve ever said to a sibling?
Have you ever laughed at a time when you were supposed to be serious?
What is the last thing you searched for on your phone?
If you could only eat one meal for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What is a secret you’ve never told your parents?
Have you ever had a crush on a fictional character?
What is the most "unpopular opinion" you hold?
If you could travel back in time, which era would you visit?
What is the strangest gift you’ve ever received?
Have you ever tried to look "cool" and failed miserably?
What is the most embarrassing nickname you’ve ever had?
If you were a ghost, who would you haunt first?
What is the most adventurous thing you’ve ever done?
Have you ever faked being busy to avoid a phone call?
What is your favorite thing about yourself?
If you could change one rule in your house, what would it be?
What is the most embarrassing song on your playlist?
Have you ever been caught talking to yourself?
What is the most "main character" moment you’ve ever had?
What is your favorite subject in school?
If you could have any animal as a pet, what would it be?
What is the funniest face you can make?
What is your favorite cartoon character?
What is the best dream you have ever had?
If you could be any color, what would you be?
What is your favorite thing to do on the weekend?
Have you ever tried to hide your vegetables under the table?
If you could go anywhere in the world, where would you go?
What is the best gift you ever received?
What is your favorite ice cream flavor?
Do you have a favorite toy that you still play with?
What is the silliest thing you have ever said?
If you could have any superpower, what would it be?
What is your favorite song to dance to?
What is the best movie you have ever seen?
Have you ever laughed so hard that you cried?
What is your favorite game to play with friends?
If you could meet any book character, who would it be?
What is the funniest thing that happened at school this week?
What is your favorite pizza topping?
If you could build anything out of LEGO, what would it be?
What is your favorite thing to eat for breakfast?
If you were a king or queen, what would be your first rule?
What is the best joke you know?
What is your favorite animal at the zoo?
If you could visit the moon, would you go?
What is the best thing about being a kid?
What is your favorite book to read before bed?
If you could have a robot to do one chore for you, what would it be?
What is your favorite season of the year?
What is the best hiding spot you know for hide-and-seek?
If you could talk to animals, what would you ask them?
What is your favorite holiday?
What is the best thing you know how to draw?
If you could change your name to anything, what would it be?
What is your favorite fruit?
If you could grow anything in a garden, what would it be?
What is the best sound in the world?
If you could fly like a bird, where would you fly first?
What is your favorite thing about your best friend?
What is the best costume you have ever worn?
If you could create a new flavor of candy, what would it be?
What is your favorite sport to play?
What is the best story you have ever heard?
What is your favorite thing to do in the park?
If you could live in a house made of chocolate, would you?
What is the best way to spend a rainy day?
What is your favorite thing about yourself?
If you could be a character in a video game, who would you be?
Do you still sleep with a stuffed animal?
Who was your first kiss?
Have you ever lied to your parents about where you were going?
Have you ever cheated on a test?
What is the longest you’ve gone without showering?
Have you ever stalked a crush on social media?
What is the most embarrassing thing your parents caught you doing?
Have you ever sent a text to the wrong person about that person?
Do you have a secret social media account?
What is the most cringe-worthy thing you’ve ever posted?
Who is the most attractive person in this room?
What is a secret you’ve never told your best friend?
Have you ever practiced kissing on a mirror?
What is the meanest thing you’ve ever said to someone?
Have you ever faked being sick to stay home?
Who do you want to sit next to in class?
What is your biggest insecurity?
Have you ever cried in school?
Which teacher do you secretly like the most?
If you could date anyone in this room, who would it be?
What is the most childish thing you still do?
Have you ever broken something and blamed a sibling?
What is your biggest "ick" in a person?
Who is your celebrity lookalike?
Have you ever pretended to like a gift you hated?
What is the most trouble you’ve ever been in at school?
Have you ever stolen a snack from the kitchen at night?
What is the most embarrassing song in your playlist?
Have you ever talked to yourself in the mirror?
Who is the person you talk to the most on Discord or WhatsApp?
Have you ever liked a friend’s sibling?
What is the most "main character" moment you’ve had?
Have you ever lied about your age online?
What is your weirdest habit?
If you were invisible for a day, what would you do?
Have you ever been caught eavesdropping?
What is the longest you’ve stayed awake?
Have you ever walked into a glass door?
What was your first screen name or username?
Do you believe in any superstitions?
What is the most awkward text you’ve ever received?
Have you ever been rejected by a crush?
What is one thing you would change about your appearance?
Have you ever laughed at a time you shouldn't have?
What is the last thing you searched for on your phone?
Do you have any hidden talents?
What is the worst haircut you’ve ever had?
Have you ever accidentally liked an old photo of someone?
Who is the person you trust most with your secrets?
What is the biggest lie you’ve ever told a teacher?
What is the biggest lie you’ve ever told at a job interview?
Have you ever been fired from a job?
What is your current credit score?
Have you ever "borrowed" something from work and never returned it?
What was your most expensive impulse buy?
Have you ever ghosted someone?
What is the most illegal thing you’ve ever done?
Have you ever lied about your age to get something?
What is your biggest regret from your 20s?
Have you ever flirted your way out of a speeding ticket?
What is the most awkward thing you've said in a professional email?
Have you ever pretended to be busy to avoid a social commitment?
What’s the most money you’ve ever spent on a single night out?
Have you ever lied to your boss about why you were late?
What is the longest you've gone without checking your bank account because you were scared?
Have you ever taken a "sick day" when you weren't actually sick?
What is the most embarrassing thing you've done at a company party?
Have you ever looked up an ex on LinkedIn?
What is the worst job you have ever had?
Have you ever lied on your tax return?
What is your secret "guilty pleasure" reality TV show?
Have you ever accidentally sent a text about someone to that person?
What is the most you have ever tipped a waiter?
Have you ever stolen a roommate's food from the fridge?
What is your most "Karen" moment?
Have you ever pretended to recognize someone when you had no idea who they were?
What is the most you've ever spent on a hobby?
Have you ever fallen asleep during a meeting?
What is your biggest fear about getting older?
Have you ever been caught talking to yourself?
What is the most useless thing you own?
Have you ever lied about reading a book to seem smart?
What is the most embarrassing thing in your search history?
Have you ever regifted something?
What is the longest you’ve gone without washing your car?
Have you ever forgotten a close friend's birthday?
What is the most awkward date you’ve ever been on?
Have you ever used a fake excuse to leave a date early?
What is the most expensive thing you've ever broken?
Have you ever lied to your parents as an adult?
What is the most embarrassing thing you’ve done in a gym?
Have you ever been kicked out of a bar or club?
What is the most "adult" thing you actually enjoy doing now?
Have you ever had a crush on a coworker?
What is your biggest pet peeve in the workplace?
Have you ever googled yourself?
What is the most annoying habit your partner or roommate has?
Have you ever lied about your salary?
What is the most embarrassing thing you’ve posted on social media?
If you could quit your job today, what would you do?
What is your biggest turn-on?
What is the most scandalous thing you've ever done?
What is your favorite part of your body?
Have you ever had a crush on a friend's partner?
What is the longest you've gone without "company"?
Who was the last person you had a dream about?
What is your favorite "romantic" setting?
Have you ever sent a risky text and immediately regretted it?
What is the most adventurous thing you've done in a relationship?
What is a secret preference you have that nobody knows about?
Have you ever been caught "in the act"?
What is the most attractive quality in a person?
Who in this room would you most want to be stuck on a deserted island with?
Have you ever lied to a partner about your "number"?
What is your favorite romantic movie?
Have you ever had a "friends with benefits" situation?
What is the best compliment you've ever received?
Have you ever dated someone much older or younger than you?
What is your "type"?
Have you ever fallen in love at first sight?
Who is your celebrity crush?
Have you ever used a dating app?
What is your idea of a perfect first date?
Have you ever been on a blind date?
What is the most romantic thing you've ever done?
What is the most attractive thing someone can wear?
Have you ever flirted with a stranger?
What is your favorite song to get in the "mood"?
Have you ever had a crush on a teacher?
What is the best kiss you've ever had?
What is your biggest "ick" in a relationship?
Have you ever kept a secret from a partner?
What is the longest relationship you've had?
Have you ever been in love with two people at once?
What is the most embarrassing thing that’s happened during a date?
Have you ever written a love letter?
Do you believe in soulmates?
What is the first thing you notice about a person?
Have you ever been heartbroken?
What is your favorite way to be pampered?
Have you ever lied to get out of a date?
What is the most spontaneous thing you've done for love?
Do you prefer cuddling or kissing?
What is a personality trait you find irresistible?
Have you ever had a crush on someone here?
What is your favorite romantic memory?
Have you ever been caught checking someone out?
What is the most "cliché" romantic thing you actually like?
Do you believe in "the one"?
What is the best dating advice you’ve ever received?
What was your first impression of me?
What is the one thing I do that drives you crazy?
If we could travel anywhere tomorrow, where would we go?
When did you first realize you were in love with me?
What is your favorite memory of us together?
What is one thing you’ve been too nervous to tell me?
What is your favorite physical feature of mine?
If you could change one habit of mine, what would it be?
What is the most romantic thing I have ever done for you?
How do you want us to look in 10 years?
What was your very first thought after our first kiss?
Which of my friends did you like the most when we started dating?
What is your favorite song that reminds you of us?
What is the best gift I have ever given you?
What is your favorite thing about our relationship?
If you could relive one day of our relationship, which would it be?
What is your "love language"?
What is the most attractive thing I wear?
What is your favorite way for us to spend a rainy day?
Do you remember our first date clearly?
What was the first thing you noticed about me?
What is one thing you want us to do together this year?
What is your favorite "inside joke" we have?
How do you feel when we are apart for a long time?
What is your favorite thing I do for you?
If we won the lottery, what’s the first thing we’d buy?
What is the most thoughtful thing I’ve said to you?
What is your favorite photo of us?
Do you believe in "happily ever after"?
What is your favorite "date night" activity?
What is a personality trait of mine that you admire?
What is the most important lesson you've learned from our relationship?
What is your favorite nickname I have for you?
How has your life changed since we met?
What is your favorite time of day to spend with me?
If you could describe our relationship in one word, what would it be?
What is the best piece of advice you'd give to another couple?
What is your favorite thing about our home/space?
How do you like to be comforted when you're sad?
What is your favorite thing to do with me on the weekend?
What is the most adventurous thing we’ve done together?
What is your favorite thing about my family?
What is a dream you have for our future?
What is the most "romantic" movie we've watched together?
How do you show your love for me?
What is your favorite way to wake up with me?
What is the best thing about being a "couple"?
What is one thing you never want to change about us?
What is your favorite "small" moment we've shared?
How much do you love me?
What is the most disgusting physical habit you have when you are completely alone?
Have you ever stolen something from a friend or family member and let someone else take the blame?
What is a secret that would make everyone in this room look at you differently forever?
Who is the person in this room you trust the least with a secret?
What is the most shameful thing you’ve ever done to win a competition or gain an advantage?
Have you ever been close to getting arrested or expelled from school?
What is the meanest thing you have ever done to an animal or a pet?
Have you ever intentionally sabotaged a classmate’s project or grade?
What is the most illegal thing you’ve done that your parents still don’t know about?
Who are you most jealous of in our school or social circle?
Have you ever read someone’s private diary or logged into their social media without permission?
What is the grossest thing you’ve ever eaten just to prove a point?
Have you ever cheated on a test and let a friend fail while you got the high score?
What is the biggest lie you’ve ever told to get out of a school trip or a major event?
Have you ever started a rumor specifically to ruin someone’s reputation?
What is the most embarrassing thing you’ve done while trying to look cool in front of a crush?
Have you ever been banned from a Discord server or a game for being too toxic?
What is the most hurtful thing you’ve ever said to your parents during an argument?
Have you ever faked being sick to avoid a programming lesson or school block?
What is the worst thing you have ever done to an ex-best friend?
Have you ever taken money from someone’s wallet when they weren't looking?
What is the darkest thought you’ve ever had about the person sitting across from you?
Have you ever snooped through your siblings' or parents' private things?
What is the most villainous thing you’ve done to get your own way?
Have you ever let someone get punished for a glitch or mistake you caused in a game?
What is the biggest secret you are keeping from the people in this room right now?
Have you ever faked a mental or physical breakdown just to get sympathy?
What is the most money you’ve found and kept without trying to find the owner?
Have you ever lied to your best friend about who you were really hanging out with?
What is the meanest comment you’ve ever left on a YouTube video or social post?
Have you ever broken a major rule and watched someone else get the strike for it?
What is the most unethical thing you’ve done to improve your code or game project?
Have you ever cheated in a Roblox or Geometry Dash competition for a high score?
What is the worst thing you’ve done in a moment of pure unhinged rage?
Have you ever used a fake ID or lied about your age to access something restricted?
What is the most extreme thing you’ve done to get a crush to notice you?
Have you ever told a secret you promised to take to the grave?
What is the most embarrassing thing your siblings have caught you doing?
Have you ever been caught in a massive lie that ended a friendship?
What is the most dangerous or reckless thing you’ve done for a thrill?
Have you ever manipulated a friend's feelings just to see if you could?
What is the one thing you’ve done that you hope your parents never discover?
Have you ever stalked a crush's location or activity for hours?
What is the most unhinged thing you’ve done after being rejected?
Have you ever lied about your skills like programming to look better than you are?
What is the most trouble you have ever been in with a teacher at school?
Have you ever gaslit someone to make them think they were the ones who messed up?
What is the most scandalous dare you have ever actually completed?
Have you ever ghosted someone because they became too much for you to handle?
What is the one truth you would never admit to even if there was a prize involved?