Eat a piece of paper that has been rubbed on the floor.
Let someone in the group shave a small patch of hair from your arm.
Drink a "concoction" of soda, milk, and soy sauce.
Let the group post "I'm dropping out of school" on your main social media for 10 minutes.
Call your parents and tell them you got a face tattoo of a chicken.
Let the group look through your "Recently Deleted" photos for 1 minute.
Let someone else in the group send a text to your ex saying "I still have your socks."
Eat a spoonful of the most disgusting condiment in the kitchen (mayo/mustard mix).
Let someone draw a permanent marker mustache on your face that stays for the whole game.
Let the group choose an embarrassing photo from your gallery and post it on your story.
Call a random contact and try to keep them on the phone for 60 seconds without explaining why.
Let someone else in the group read your last 10 DM conversations out loud.
Eat a whole raw onion or a large clove of garlic.
Let someone give you a "wedgie" in front of everyone.
Put your phone on speaker and call your crush/last person you liked.
Let the group create a "mystery shot" of three kitchen liquids for you to drink.
Let someone else in the group rewrite your social media bio for 24 hours.
Wear your underwear on the outside of your pants for the rest of the game.
Let someone crack a cold egg over your head.
Let the group send one emoji of their choice to your teacher or boss.
Sniff the inside of the person to your left's shoe for 10 seconds.
Let someone else in the group control your phone for 2 full minutes.
Do 50 burpees in under 3 minutes or take a "gross shot."
Let someone draw a "freaky" face on your stomach with marker.
Drink a glass of water that has a piece of soggy bread at the bottom.
Let the group record you doing a "silly" dance and post it on TikTok/Reels.
Try to eat a hot pepper without drinking water for 2 minutes.
Let someone give you a "noogie" until your head turns red.
Call a pizza place and try to order a burger and fries.
Let the group see your banking app balance (if applicable).
Do your best "maniacal" laugh for 1 minute straight.
Let someone else in the group give you a "wet willy."
Eat a sandwich made of 5 random ingredients from the fridge chosen by the group.
Let the group send a "Hi" to a random person on your Instagram.
Try to stand on your head for 20 seconds.
Let someone else in the group look through your "Hidden" photo folder.
Mime a "romantic" scene with a chair for 1 minute.
Let someone else in the group write a "silly" tweet from your account.
Exchange socks with the person to your right for the rest of the game.
Let someone else choose a song for you to sing at the top of your lungs.
Try to do a backflip (or 30 somersaults if you can't).
Let the group see your most used emojis and explain why you use them.
Wear your jacket backward and zipped up for the rest of the game.
Let the group "style" your hair using only kitchen items (honey/oil/etc).
Try to balance on one leg while the group tries to make you laugh.
Describe the most "freaky" dream you've ever had in detail.
Let someone else in the group send a "Thinking of you" text to a random contact.
Try to put on a shirt using only your feet.
Let someone else in the group take a "silly" photo of you and make it your wallpaper.
Take a "mystery" shot of a liquid chosen by the group (non-toxic!).
Eat a piece of paper that has been rubbed on the floor.
Let someone in the group shave a small patch of hair from your arm.
Drink a concoction of soda, milk, and soy sauce.
Let the group post I am dropping out of school on your main social media for 10 minutes.
Call your parents and tell them you just got a face tattoo of a chicken.
Let the group look through your Recently Deleted photos for 1 minute.
Let someone else in the group send a text to your ex saying I still have your socks.
Eat a spoonful of the most disgusting condiment in the kitchen.
Let someone draw a permanent marker mustache on your face that stays for the whole game.
Let the group choose an embarrassing photo from your gallery and post it on your story.
Call a random contact and try to keep them on the phone for 60 seconds without explaining why.
Let someone else in the group read your last 10 DM conversations out loud.
Eat a whole raw onion or a large clove of garlic.
Let someone give you a click in front of everyone.
Put your phone on speaker and call your crush or the last person you liked.
Let the group create a mystery shot of three kitchen liquids for you to drink.
Let someone else in the group rewrite your Discord or Roblox bio for 24 hours.
Wear your underwear on the outside of your pants for the rest of the game.
Let someone crack a cold egg over your head.
Let the group send one emoji of their choice to your teacher or boss.
Sniff the inside of a random shoe for 10 seconds.
Let someone else in the group control your phone for 2 full minutes.
Do 50 burpees in under 3 minutes or take a disgusting mystery shot.
Let someone draw a freaky face on your stomach with marker.
Drink a glass of water that has a piece of soggy bread at the bottom.